Changes For v0.15:

There have been a few changes from version 0.13/0.14 to 0.15.  Most of
them are transparent to gameplay, but some are necessary to know:

1) You may now use the "kill" command only if the game hasn't started
   or you have not selected a team.

2) It is much easier to escape from jail now, just look for a weak spot
   and dig- be sure to bring a torch with you as you dig.

3) Barrels now autoload by default.  Just push them up to a catapult
   and they should push up onto them.

4) The Crusader now has the "Divine Intervention" special ability, not
   the Paladin.

5) The Paladin has lost the "Divine Intervention" ability.

6) Crusader's Spells have changed some, here is the new layout... (note
   the Crusader has a max mana of 100 now)

-  Heal(5)
   Can be cast on himself or others.  Heals 5 points of damage, but
   will not raise your health above your maximum health.

-  Enchant Hammer(20)
   Turns your hammer into a magically enchanted hammer you can throw a
   short distance and will magically return to you.  This spell lasts
   60 seconds.

-  Dispel Magic(30)
   Eliminates magic effects on people.  Destroys Imps.

-  Berzerker(50)
   Multiplies the strength of the crusader or target player times 4.
   This strength fades quickly.

-  Mercurial Speed(70)
   Gives you or a target player the speed of Mercury.

-  Cloak of Perseus(80)
   Turns crusader or target invisible except for a trail of magical
   footsteps.

-  Wrath of God(max)
   You must have a full load of mana to cast this spell.  It will cause
   everyone in front of you to be struck down by lightning and kills
   you as well.

7) The Necromancer's spells have changed somewhat too.  He now has a
   higher max mana as well.  Poison only costs 15, and Become Beast
   now costs 200 and lasts for 2 minutes.

8) The Assassin may not climb until she has aquired the Boots of
   Climbing.  For Defenders, it is available from the start.
   For Attackers, it is available in their armoury.

9) The Armories do not open up until the chains on the drawbridge are
   broken.

10) The Assassin must have a lit torch to fire flaming sniper arrows.
    If she doesn't have a torch lit, she can still shoot normal sniping
    arrows.

11) If an arrow hits someone in the head, there is a good chance it
    will be a fatal blow.

12) The Assassin's backstab should be working correctly now.

13) The Succubus' mana regenerates slower now and flight lasts only 20
    seconds.

14) The KeyMaster will find that they are not quite as fast as they
    were without the key- the person carrying the key is somewhat
    slower, attacks less often, and does not regenerate mana.

15) Defenders cannot now open their own throne room door by accident.

16) You can no longer crouch-jump into the throne case, you MUST
    destroy it to get at the crown.

17) There is a new friend in the center pond...

18) Fire is not quite as easy to spread or as dangerous.

19) Attackers now have only twice as many people as defenders.

20) Don’t piss off God... or you may be Smitten!


-Michael Gummelt & Perfecto Cuervo
 with:  Josh Weier, Jeremy Statz, Mark Morgan, and Nathan Albury
