Title : QuakeWorld Mission Pack 1: Scourge of Armagon Server Patch
	** this is for QW servers ONLY **

Filename  : hipqw21s.zip
Date      : 11-6-97
Version   : 2.1

Credits	  : ID Software for Quake
	    Ritual Entertainment for Quake Mission Pack 1: Scourge of Armagon

Special thanks to: Scott Lampert <fortunato@heavymetal.org>

Conversion: Chris "Oskilla" Little
Email     : chrislit@uclink4.berkeley.edu
Web	  : http://www.planetquake.com/qcsource

*  Type of Mod  *

Quake C  : yes
Sound    : not included -- buy the pack
MDL      : not included -- buy the pack
Maps	 : not included -- buy the pack

*  Format of Quake C  *

unified diff  : no
context diff  : no
.qc files     : yes
progs.dat     : available separately


*  Description of Mod  *

Very simply this is a merger of the QW and Ritual QuakeC sources.
Now people can start setting up QW servers with the Ritual pack.

It's got rotating brushes, bobbing water, the laser cannon, the
hammer <evil grin>, and all the rest.

If you don't have Ritual's pack yet, get it.  Get it now.

NOTE: This patch was NOT made by Ritual.  It just uses their code.
      They may release their QW version of their patch, in which case
      this will become obsolete.  If something is wrong with this patch
      don't whine at Ritual as it is probably my fault. :)


*  How to Install the Modification  *

Beginning with QW 1.50, dynamic download of maps was disabled.  Download of
art, sounds, etc. is still possible though.  Before doing anything, please
put the line "allow_download 0" in your server.cfg file.  If nothing else
it will prevent leeches from lagging your server out.

Now put this qwprogs.dat into the c:\quake\hipnotic directory.

You may (or may not) wish to add all the QW skins to a c:\quake\hipnotic
directory.

Now just run qwsv +gamedir hipnotic +setmaster xxx.xxx.xxx.xxx:xxxxx and your server
will be up.  Of course, you may want to edit the server.cfg further, but you can
consult others for help with that.

A new serverinfokey has been added: "hip".  Add the following values to the value
of "hip" to set these features.  ("hip" is a bitwise key.)

add 1 to turn footsteps on, by default they are off
add 2 to turn the bulletholes in walls on, by default they are off

To turn on quad and ring dropping, you need to add "serverinfo dq 1" or "serverinfo
dr 1" respectively to your server.cfg file.  Similarly, to enable dropping of
the empathy shield, you would add "serverinfo de 1".

*  Legal info  *

The QuakeWorld conversion of Quake Mission Pack 1: Scourge of Armagon is
copyright 1997 by Chris Little.  Portions are copyright by Ritual Entertainment
and Id Software.

This Quake patch is provided free of charge.  It may be used as the basis for
other patches and you may modify it to your liking, provided that you credit
the authors.

The patch may be used on any free servers without notice or payment being given
to the authors.  If you intend to charge a fee for playing on a server running
this patch, you must contact and receive permission from Chris Little, the
author of the QW conversion, as well as Ritual Entertainment.

The patch may be freely distributed, provided that the contents of the distribution
do not vary from their original form and provided that no fee is charged in any
form.

*  Version History  *

2.1	Included support for dropping empathy shield

2.0	Merge of QW 2.01 QC and version sync

	fixed water sounds

RC2     Variable gravity works.

	Sped impulse checking by only doing impulse code if you've actually done
	one.

	FINALLY fixed the exploding walls so that their explosions appear in all
	their lag inducing glory.  (For real this time.  Heh.)

	Finally fixed those darned standing corpses.  And some attack and pain
	frames too, in the process.			

	Fixed particle fields a bit, though they'll all be red since blood is the
	only particle effect in QW I think.  (This fix copied from CustEnts by
	General WarT aka Carl Glave.)
	
	Fixed the particle fields more.  They tended to quadruple pings and
	not even appear at all.

	Got rid of a bunch of . fields and some globals that were unnecessary.

	Got rid of all the spawning and horn of conjuring code.  In case you
	hadn't noticed, there are no monster AIs, so even if there were a horn
	in a DM level, there wouldn't be a monster to spawn. So it's gone.
	
	Tweaked the weapon pickup rankings yet again.  Last time, apparently I
	made it so you never selected the Ritual weapons automatically upon
	pickup.  Now the Proximity Gun and Grenade Launcher are equivalent and
	the Laser Cannon and Super Nailgun are equivalent as far as the client's
	b_switch and w_switch variables are concerned.  The Mjolnir is always
	selected when you pick it up.  Rank respective to other weapons remains
	the same.

	Some new lag decreasers were implemented.  (I got to play my first game
	of HipQW via modem and developed a LOT of empathy!)  All of these changes
	are at the suggestion & endorsement of other players but may be changed
	by the time of th final release. --

		Bulletholes in walls remain for half as long and the maximum
		number of bulletholes was decreased from 10 to 6.  Might help.

		Bulletholes now have to be turned ON to appear, see above for
		instructions.
		
		Proximity mines think just a bit less frequently, the maximum
		number of proximity mines in the world was decreased from 15
		to 10, and the lifetime of an untriggered proximity bomb was
		decreased by about 1/3.

	Also did miscellaneous optimization tweaks that ought to be done to the
	regualar DM QC as well, but that's not my responsibility.

RC1.1   Fixed megahealth failing to rot, thanks to Douglas Hart.
	Fixed miscellaneous bugs, mostly relating to explosions not appearing.

RC1     Minor bugs/code clean ups

0.95    Misc. QW 1.50 compatability fixes.  Made footsteps toggleable from server.

0.94    QW 1.50 happened.

0.93	Fixed the weapon ranking system again.  I'd like to make a RFC on the
	ranks/ranking system I used here.  I think it's right this time.

	Made some efforts make the lag gun a little less powerful. (ie I tried
	to decrease the number of packets sent out as a result of firing the
	laser cannon.)  I decreased the number of beams per shot to 1 but
	increased each beam's damage by 1/2.  I also increased the power per
	beam to compensate.

0.92	Fixed the weapon ranking system again.  I'd like to make a RFC on the
	ranks/ranking system I used here.

0.91	Removed use of the playham.mdl model since it tended to make things a
	big funky in QW.  (ie. A person with the hammer selected has the base
	player skin essentially with the base colors.  Thus a person who selects
	the hammer would be VERY noticeable since their skin would change before
	your eyes.)

	Fixed the error that allowed you to select any weapon except the GL and Prox
	Mine Launcher, whether you had it or not, so long as you had enough ammo.

	Fixed the error in the weapon ranking procedure that never made it never
	choose a full powered hammer as the best weapon.

	Made it so that the footsteps play by default.  Comments welcome on this
	decision but keep in mind that the default method for selecting whether
	they are on or not (ie crosshairs 2) won't work in QWSV.

0.9	Initial release