Title : QuakeWorld Mission Pack 2: Dissolution of Eternity Server Patch
	** this is for QW servers ONLY **

Filename  : rogqw21s.zip
Date      : 11-6-97
Version   : 2.1

Credits	  : ID Software for Quake
	    Rogue Entertainment for Quake MP2: Dissolution of Eternity

Conversion: Chris Little (Oskilla in QW)
Email     : chrislit@uclink4.berkeley.edu
Web	  : http://www.planetquake.com/qcsource

*  Type of Mod  *

Quake C  : yes
Sound    : not included -- buy the pack
MDL      : not included -- some new models in RogueQW client pack
Maps	 : not included -- buy the pack
Other	 : also includes a sample server.cfg file

*  Format of Quake C  *

unified diff  : no
context diff  : no
.qc files     : yes
progs.dat     : available separately


*  Description of Mod  *

Very simply this is a merger of the QW and Rogue DOE QuakeC sources.
Now people can start setting up QW servers with the Rogue patch.

It's got all of DOE's enhancements like the shield, vengence sphere,
buzzsaws, lightning effects, multi-weapons, lava-weapons, 1 flag CTF,
tag, 3 team CTF, etc.

If you don't have Dissolution of Eternity yet, get it.  Get it now.

NOTE: This patch was NOT made by Rogue.  It just uses their code.
      If something is wrong with this patch don't whine at Rogue
      as it is probably my fault. :)

*  How to Install the Modification  *

Beginning with QW 1.50, dynamic download of maps was disabled.  Download of
art, sounds, etc. is still possible though.  Before doing anything, please
put the line "allow_download 0" in your server.cfg file.  If nothing else
it will prevent leeches from lagging your server out.

If you allow dynamic download, people who have not downloaded the client
pack will also be able to enter and will see incorrect models, so please
set "allow_download 0".

Now compile the source files with a QuakeC compiler and put the resulting
qwprogs.dat file in your c:\quake\rogue directory.  (Use whichever drive
you installed Quake on.)

Now just run qwsv +gamedir rogue +setmaster xxx.xxx.xxx.xxx:xxxxx and your server
will be up.  Of course, you may want to edit the server.cfg further, but you can
consult others for help with that.

*  Teamplay modes  *

I haven't examined the teamplay modes very thoroughly, but there are basically 6
different types of teamplay supported in RogueQW.  There are the regular teamplay
1 and 2 settings and 4 new ones.  Teamplay 3 is tag.  Teamplay 4 is regular CTF.
Teamplay 5 is 1 flag CTF, where a single flag spawns in the middle.  Teamplay 6 is
3 team CTF with Red, Blue, and Grey (Rogue) teams.  The Rogue team has no base or
flag of its own but can capture either Red or Blue flags.

Set the teamplay setting by typeing "teamplay x", where x is the teamplay mode you
want, into the server console or in your server.cfg file.

*  Additional setup info *

To turn on quad and ring dropping, you need to add "serverinfo dq 1" or "serverinfo
dr 1" respectively to your server.cfg file.  Similarly, to enable dropping of
the antigrav belt and shield, you would add "serverinfo da 1" and serverinfo ds 1"
respectively.

*  Problems  *

Well, there are only a few problems in RogueQW that make it function differently
from the Rogue pack played in Quake.

Since the EF_FLAG1 and EF_FLAG2 flags are hardcoded to use the first 2 skins of
flag.mdl, the file ctfmodel.mdl from DOE had to be copied to flag.mdl to allow
client side flag drawing.  Also, since it only uses the first two skins, a player
carrying the 1-flag CTF flag exhibits flag lag since the flag is not drawn client-
side.

Also the beam shot out by the grappling hook relies on the beam.mdl being copied
to the file name bolt3.mdl.  This means that event_lightning would draw the beam
graphic rather than the lightning when you kill Chthon in E1M7.  Luckily E1M7
probably won't be played with the Rogue pack.

*  Legal info  *

The QuakeWorld conversion of Quake Mission Pack 2: Dissolution of Eternity is
copyright 1997 by Chris Little.  Portions are copyright by Rogue Entertainment
and Id Software.

This Quake patch is provided free of charge.  It may be used as the basis for
other patches and you may modify it to your liking, provided that you credit
the authors.

The patch may be used on any free servers without notice or payment being given
to the authors.  If you intend to charge a fee for playing on a server running
this patch, you must contact and receive permission from Chris Little, the
author of the QW conversion, as well as Rogue Entertainment.

The patch may be freely distributed, provided that the contents of the distribution
do not vary from their original form and provided that no fee is charged in any
form.

*  Version History  *

2.1	Fixed grav-belt bug
	
	Included support for dropping new powerups 

2.0	Merged with QW 2.01 QC and version sync

	Fixed water sound bug

1.1	Fixed ammo not updating when you are using the standard Quake (non-Rogue)
	weapons.

	Fixed a bug in the jumping code that screwed up forward velocity when
	jumping.

	Fixed the anti-grav belt to actually act like low-grav instead of a
	superjump.

	Merged QW 1.64 QC

	Added impulse 69 (previous weapon) thanks to Al "geezer" Harrington's
	patch

	Fixed some problems with Tag mode and the game thinking it should assign
	you to a team during Tag mode.  The +showscores screen will still show
	your team name and think you're on a team, but that is the only remaining
	side effect.

1.0	Initial release after in-house testing