Here is a brief explanation  of all the legal mumbo jumbo contained in the
various license agreements that may or may not be part of this package.

(This document was designed to be a quick overview of our license terms.
You must refer to the full text of the license for a complete listing of 
terms and conditions.)

CONTENTS:

1. QUAKE SHAREWARE END USER LICENSE (slicnse.txt) or
   What You Can and Cannot Do With the Shareware Version of Quake.
 
2. QUAKE REGISTERED VERSION END USER LICENSE (rlicnse.txt) or
   What You Can and Cannot Do With the Registered Version of Quake.
 
3. THE SIMPLE RULES REGARDING THE SALE OF USER DEVELOPED QUAKE 
   LEVELS AND/OR UTILITIES
 
4. MADE FOR QUAKE LOGO LICENSE
 
5. COMMERCIAL EXPLOITATION LICENSE 


1. QUAKE SHAREWARE END USER LICENSE (slicnse.txt) or
   What You Can and Cannot Do With the Shareware Version of Quake.

CAN DO:
-- Play & Enjoy the single player game 
-- Setup a shareware version based server on a not-for-profit basis

CANNOT DO:
-- Run the game with user developed levels.  
-- You may not commercially exploit the shareware version in any way
        This specifically excludes retail distribution of the shareware 
        version. Do not call or e-mail to ask if you can be a retail 
        distributor of the shareware version -- the answer is no! 
-- Commercially exploit any id copyrighted and/or trademarked property. 
        Example: Game names, logos, graphics, etc.


2. QUAKE REGISTERED VERSION END USER LICENSE (rlicnse.txt) or
   What You Can and Cannot Do With the Registered Version of Quake.

CAN DO:
-- Play & Enjoy the single player game
-- Setup a registered version based server on a not-for-profit basis
-- Develop new levels and/or level creation utilities.  
-- Play the game and/or setup a Registered Version based server using
   a user-developed level.

CANNOT DO:
-- Commercially exploit the Registered  Version of Quake in any way;
   see commercially exploitation license info below.
-- Commercially exploit any id copyrighted and/or trademarked
   property. 
        Example: Game names, logos, game graphics, etc. 
-- Sell user-developed levels and/or tools


3. THE SIMPLE RULES REGARDING THE SALE OF USER DEVELOPED QUAKE 
   LEVELS AND/OR UTILITIES:

-- User-developed/user-modified maps & utilities can only work with 
   the registered version.  (Just to be crystal clear on this point:
   user-developed/user-modified maps & utilities cannot work with the 
   shareware version of Quake.) 

-- If the map/utility contains id data (other than the id code John 
   Carmack released to the world)  it cannot be sold.  The registered 
   version end-user license will give you the limited right to develop 
   maps/utilities that use id data...this limited right does not include 
   the right for anyone to sell anything that includes id data 
   (other than the id code John Carmack released to the world).

-- If you create a map/utility that does not use any id data (other than 
   the id code John Carmack released to the world)...it is your map/utility.  
   You may copyright it, give it away, sell it, etc.

-- You may not use any of our trademarked or copyrighted properties (game 
   gfx, logos, names, etc.) to market your game.  In other words...you cannot 
   name your product something like QuakeEd .  "qed", "an editor that works 
   with Quake" would be OK.  Marketing your product with a 1/4 page ad in 
   a game magazine that shows screenshots from Quake is not allowed.  Any use 
   of the Quake, id, or NIN logo (except the placement of NIN ammo boxes into 
   levels that cannot be sold) is not allowed. 

-- We cannot authorize the use of the NIN logos, sound effects and music 
   outside the game.  Do not ask for permission to use and more importantly do 
   not use or abuse these properties outside the game.  The good folks at NIN 
   will not be happy.

(We've developed a very cool "Made For Quake" logo that may be licensed for 
product that works with Quake.  The terms of this license are listed in the 
"Made For Quake" license section below.)


4. MADE FOR QUAKE LOGO LICENSE:

-- License is granted on a per-product basis. 

-- id must review and approve of the logo's use on the product being licensed.  
   Id reserves the right to refuse license on any product it deems 
   inappropriate for any reason.

-- Royalty structure: 

        If the licensed product is scheduled for a release into the 
        traditional retail channels:   
                Advance: $10,000 (ten thousand dollars) The advance is 
                recoupable but not refundable.

                Royalty: 10% product's net revenue (net is defined as gross 
                less only reasonable manufacturing and shipping expenses)

        If the licensed product is scheduled for release into the shareware 
        channel (try before you buy): 
                Advance: 0 (zero)
                Royalty: 10% product's gross revenue payable after the product 
                has generated over $5,000 (five throusand dollars) in gross 
                shareware sales,  (Example: An id royalty is not payable until 
                after the licensed product has generated $5,000 in gross 
                sales. At that point id is due a royalty payment of $500.00 
                and 10% of gross shareware sales thereafter. 

-- If a licensed product goes from a shareware offering to a full retail 
   offering the advance/royalty structure changes accordingly.  

To get into bed with us on this deal you MUST send a sample of the product you 
would like the Made for Quake logo to be associated with your request for the 
Made For Quake logo license to:

                id Software
                18601 LBJ #666
                Mesquite, TX  75150
                Attn: MFQ License Request.

We will do our best to reply to all requests within 4 weeks.

(Please make sure your company name, contact name, address, phone, fax, 
e-mail, the product's shareware/registered status are clearly detailed.  If 
this info is not included with the MFQ logo request or is not listed in a 
legible form we will not be able to reply to the request.)
 
UNAUTHORIZED USE OF THE MADE FOR QUAKE LOGO WILL NOT BE TOLERATED. 


5. COMMERCIAL EXPLOITATION LICENSE 
(comexp.txt -- accompanies Quake registered version only)

If you are interested in trying to make money using the registered version
of Quake (this sort of thing is not allowed using the shareware version) you
must sign our easy-to-digest Commercial Exploitation License.  This license 
is to be used by folks looking to use the registered version of Quake to set 
up pay-per-play (location based or arcade centers) stations, for profit 
online servers, or any other application where the actual code from the 
registered version of Quake is used for profit.  

This is a royalty free license that allows you to run Quake for a profit
through a certain monthly gross profit range. If your Quake-related business
becomes successful the agreement brings id into the revenue stream.

Basic terms of the commercial exploitation license:

-- License grants a royalty free commercial exploitation right for the
   registered version of Quake as a whole so long as Quake's monthly gross
   revenue is below $5,000.00

-- License provides for a 12.5% royalty to be paid to id Software in months
   where the licensee's Quake related monthly gross revenue is above 
   $5,000.00

-- Royalty is based off net income.  The term "Net Income" shall mean
   all revenue received by Licensee from the commercial use of Quake, 
   less only actual, reasonable documented costs relating directly to 
   such use

-- License expressly prohibits commercial exploitation via the sale (retail
   or otherwise) of the shareware or registered versions of Quake.

-- License expressly prohibits advertising/marketing use of our copyrighted
   and/or trademarked properties.

-- This license is not intended for use by folks developing Quake maps and/or 
    utilities.   Please reference the section titled "The simple rules for 
    Quake map/utility distribution:" for info on this subject.

To get into bed with us on this deal you must print two (2) copies of the
document named comexp.txt. (You should find comexp.txt somewhere on the
registered version CD.)  Sign/fill in the blanks of both copies where
indicated and mail both to:

                id Software
                18601 LBJ #666
                Mesquite, TX  75150
                Attn: ComExp License

We will then countersign the documents and mail one back to you.

Two items worth noting here:

A: It is VERY IMPORTANT that the information you enter in the signature
block be legible. We prefer it if you enter the info into the blanks before
printing your two copies. If we cannot read your information we will not be
able to return the documents to you.

B: The terms of this document are not subject to negotiation. If you cannot
live with the terms spelled out in the agreement do not engage in any
commercial exploitation of Quake and do not sign the document.


